Fahad A. Khan

1. What is MVC?
	Model View Controller

2. What is a controller? 
	It is a file or a series of files and installed packages that essentially acts as a traffic guard for files and code; it tells what to load and at which 
	juncture; On the frontend, it guide's the UI/UX.

3. What was the purpose of MVC?
	The purpose of MVC is the architectural environment of the app itself, the scaffolding of the app, allowing views and routes to function and load properly.

4. Name a few view modules Node uses. 

	Not sure if you're asking what is included in the views folder, i.e.:
		-index
		-error

		OR, 

If you mean packs we have to install in order to run Nodejs:L
-npm (node package manager) 
-npx (node environment for training/development)

5. Why is React, Vue, Angular created? And what is frontend framework?
    React, Vue, Angular were all created as a way to run servers for production on the client-side, i.e. from the browser, to create virtually, and deploy apps speedily. 

6. What is a Single Page Application?
    Single Page Applicaton is an app which allows a user to stay on the app without having to leave the app (by virtue of clicking a link to open another window, per se); 
    All UX/UI is done on the single scroll page.

7. What is a React component? 
    React componants usually contain the 'Container' and 'View' folders

8. List the first 3 steps in order when a component is initialized.
    1.) npm run install
    2.) npm run start
    3.) npx 

9. What is a props?
    This, honestly, I'm a little unsure about, at lkeast to answer coherently. I do understand props is a method which allows controllers and modules to functon properly within the app. 

10. What is a state?
    a state is the condition within which one is deploying an app

11. What is http call?
    It is a call to a server, to initialize relay of information/data

12. What module you can use for http in React?
    npx for React production environment

13. What is an endpoint? 
    

14. What is an API? 
    Application Progrm Interface; it acts as a waiter, essentially, taking an order from the client side and relaying data/information to the server 
    and bring back what was initially requested

15. What is JWT and why we need JWT? 
    JSON Web Token; use to authenticate users/passwords, and authorize time alloted to the user to remain lgged in to the app. 

